Added a warning regarding async setup (#2105)
vuejs/docs: src/api/composition-api-setup.md

`setup()` itself does not have access to the component instance - `this` will have a value of `undefined` inside `setup()`. You can access Composition-API-exposed values from Options API, but not the other way around.
:::

:::warning

> `setup()` should always be called _synchronously_. The only case when `async setup()` can be used is when the component is a descentand of a [Suspense](../guide/built-ins/suspense.html) component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`setup()` should return an object _synchronously_. The only case when `async setup()` can be used is when the component is a descendant of a [Suspense](../guide/built-ins/suspense.html) component.
```
